XV.

and Polzor (fj- b1b11ography). In nome onnes, 1 round ιτ
necessary to roser to m10r0s11m 00p1en os the 0r1glna1 un-
ed1tod vorke, e.g. or werke round tn the Bssbllotheque
Nat1onale, Parsss. To that extent, th1a ed1t10n han been
vnluab10‚ ror 1n add1t10n to presentssng the work or our
concordatur to the render tor the r1rnt t1me, th1s ed1t10n
has alno shown the greater amount or work at111 awa1t1ng the
orsst1enl toohnlques or some other ed1t0r. when his contenp-
ornry source· have been more thoroughly 1nvest1gated‚ another
augment of tho author03 1mp0rtanoo und the nature or hls
treat1no *111 be known, and -1th them, another rra0t1on of
the ph11oaoph1oal doetr1ne= common 1n h1n day.

In canes where the author hae o1ted a remote source
without the accompany1ng text ln Thomns' doetr1nes - aa 2⁸
true of some of h1a Ar1st0t011an or August1n12n references -
1 have 1nd1eated both remote and prox1mat0 source 1n the
notes. Where the text wan ev1d0nt15 not taken from Thomas·
text, Ι have tr1ed to sind a su1tab10 medssaeval source =h1oh
mssght have been ava11ab1e to the author and paraphrased by
h1m · 0030, when the author speaks os tho 22-22322233922232,
1 have 1nd10ated the work or Boethssua as a poss1b10 lat1n
source.

F1n211y, there are many coneordnnoes and Th0m18t1c

catulae yet to be 0d1ted. Whtle the ex1st0noe of such treat-

 

2³08 has been 1nd1eated by Stegmfl11er and Grabmann, there are

no pr1nted nexta ava11ab1e. Sssnoe th1s concordanoe 1⁸

